c:\users\pablo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppModuloAFIP\ServicioAFIP\bin\ApplicationInsights.config
c:\users\pablo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppModuloAFIP\ServicioAFIP\bin\ServicioAFIP.dll.config
c:\users\pablo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppModuloAFIP\ServicioAFIP\bin\ServicioAFIP.dll
c:\users\pablo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppModuloAFIP\ServicioAFIP\bin\ServicioAFIP.pdb
c:\users\pablo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppModuloAFIP\ServicioAFIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.Agent.Intercept.dll
c:\users\pablo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppModuloAFIP\ServicioAFIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.dll
c:\users\pablo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppModuloAFIP\ServicioAFIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.PerfCounterCollector.dll
c:\users\pablo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppModuloAFIP\ServicioAFIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.dll
c:\users\pablo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppModuloAFIP\ServicioAFIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.dll
c:\users\pablo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppModuloAFIP\ServicioAFIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.dll
c:\users\pablo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppModuloAFIP\ServicioAFIP\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.dll
c:\users\pablo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppModuloAFIP\ServicioAFIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.DependencyCollector.xml
c:\users\pablo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppModuloAFIP\ServicioAFIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.ServerTelemetryChannel.xml
c:\users\pablo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppModuloAFIP\ServicioAFIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.Web.xml
c:\users\pablo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppModuloAFIP\ServicioAFIP\bin\Microsoft.AI.WindowsServer.xml
c:\users\pablo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppModuloAFIP\ServicioAFIP\bin\Microsoft.ApplicationInsights.xml
c:\users\pablo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppModuloAFIP\ServicioAFIP\obj\Debug\ServicioAFIP.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pablo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppModuloAFIP\ServicioAFIP\obj\Debug\ServicioAFIP.dll
c:\users\pablo\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\AppModuloAFIP\ServicioAFIP\obj\Debug\ServicioAFIP.pdb
C:\Users\pablo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AppModuloAFIP\ServicioAFIP\bin\LibreriaClases.dll
C:\Users\pablo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AppModuloAFIP\ServicioAFIP\bin\LibreriaClases.pdb
C:\Users\pablo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AppModuloAFIP\ServicioAFIP\bin\ClienteLoginCms_CS.dll
C:\Users\pablo\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\AppModuloAFIP\ServicioAFIP\bin\ClienteLoginCms_CS.pdb
